Create ZPA Epic template and extend Definition of Done in PR template (#11222)
camunda/zeebe: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/zpa_epic.md

explain how it is supposed to work. You can add relevant pieces of the specification here as well -->

## Task Breakdown
<!-- When splitting the Epic into smaller issues, they should be referenced here. This provides an
easy overview of all that needs to happen. It also provides a good overview of the progress on the
Epic thus far. -->

### Broker
<!-- Tasks that require changes in the Broker -->

### Gateway API
<!-- Tasks that require changes to the Gateway API. This also includes changes in the clients -->

### Exporters and Metrics
<!-- Tasks that require changes to the exporters and metrics -->

### Testing
<!-- Tasks for extending the tests. This does not include unit tests, these should be written as
part of any other task. Think about things like QA tests and the randomized property tests -->

### Zeebe Process Test
<!-- Tasks that require changed in Zeebe Process Test. Generally when you make changes in the
Gateway API, a change needs to be made in Zeebe Process Test as well. -->

### Documentation
<!-- Tasks that require writing / modifying documentation -->

### Out of scope
<!-- Tasks that have been thought about, but are out of scope for now -->

## Other Teams

> <!-- The Epic might have an impact on other teams withing Camunda. We should create an issue for

Reviewer: Found a typo here:

```suggestion
<!-- The Epic might have an impact on other teams within Camunda. We should create an issue for
```

> them, explaining the changed they will have to make. -->

Reviewer: I assume its:
```suggestion
them, explaining the changes they will have to make. -->
```

---

name: Zeebe Process Automation team Epic
about: Prepare a new Epic for the ZPA team

> title: ''

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: '[EPIC] '
```

❓ Not sure if we would want to do this, but so far, our epic issues are often prefixed with something like this. What do you think?

labels: 'kind/epic'
assignees: ''

---

**Is your feature request related to a problem? Please describe.**
A clear and concise description of what the problem is. Ex. I'm always frustrated when [...]

**Describe the solution you'd like**
A clear and concise description of what you want to happen.

**Describe alternatives you've considered**
A clear and concise description of any alternative solutions or features you've considered.

**Additional context**
Add any other context or screenshots about the feature request here.

> 

Reviewer 2: Do we need this part in our EPICs?

Author: I copied the feature request template, forgot to take this out 😄

## Introduction
<!-- Provide a short summary about the problem this Epic will solve -->

> ## Concept
> <!-- Provide a high-level explanation of the concept. For example, when a new BPMN element gets added,
> explain how it is supposed to work. You can add relevant pieces of the specification here as well -->

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Concept
<!-- Provide a high-level explanation of the implementation concept. For example, when a new BPMN element gets added,
explain how it is supposed to work. -->
```

Previously, I've used the concept to explain the implementation concept rather than the concept of the feature itself (i.e. from the user's perspective).

### Testing
<!-- Tasks for extending the tests. This does not include unit tests, these should be written as
part of any other task. Think about things like QA tests and the randomized property tests -->

### Zeebe Process Test
<!-- Tasks that require changes in Zeebe Process Test. Generally when you make changes in the
Gateway API, a change needs to be made in Zeebe Process Test as well. -->

### Documentation
<!-- Tasks that require writing / modifying documentation -->

### Out of scope
<!-- Tasks that have been thought about, but are out of scope for now -->

## Other Teams
<!-- The Epic might have an impact on other teams within Camunda. We should create an issue for
them, explaining the changes they will have to make. -->

- [ ] [Operate](https://github.com/camunda/operate/issues)
- [ ] [Tasklist](https://github.com/camunda/tasklist/issues)
- [ ] [Web Modeler](https://github.com/camunda/web-modeler/issues)
- [ ] [Desktop Modeler](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-modeler/issues)
- [ ] [Optimize](https://github.com/camunda/camunda-optimize/issues)

## Open Questions
<!-- Any open questions during the preparation of this Epic can be written down here -->

> 

Reviewer 2: 🔧 I'd prefer to also add a section for `Decisions` or `Discussions`, where we explain the answers to resolved questions, e.g. specific design decisions, or answers to questions that don't make sense to mention in the rest of the breakdown.

Author: I feel like this could be the same category as `Open Question`. Maybe we should rename it to `Discussions and Decisions`. An ongoing discussions/decision is IMO the same as an open question. WDYT?

Reviewer 2: That's a good point, and it might be easier to use because it avoids us having to move things around. 

👿 There's a counter-argument to be made that it's easier to find what is still unclear, or what has been decided in the split variant.

👍 I'm fine with it either way
